what you're gonna wear when you come out
because you do and you're pretty pretty
you know what you've toned it down a
little a little bit here today you know
Jim cuz I came out last time would they
go jacket on and and and there's certain
things when I wear it my wife says we
weren't ready to see you in that baby
uh-huh
he's so sure zero so I told you doubt
you get to come out of that thing listen
I was standing back there doing all my
poses like just saying you know I always
wanted that slide up door we used to get
it once a week when they introduced you
in the for the start of a game it's that
moment you go out in front of you get
that five nights a week
I surely missed that boy football every
night will let you do the thing I wish
man but yeah I pimp at home that's what
I call my wife yeah she she wants me
make your money in places I just have
you working out a door do you you miss
playing do you miss being on field every
every week absolutely you know there's
nothing like honestly you miss playing
football cuz there's nothing like it
you got so you got you know 53 guys and
everybody's in a war we're going crazy
everybody and then you go running
running the people man and then you're
hurting for the next four days man I
miss that like I don't know what that
part you don't know I work I travel five
six days a week man and yeah you know I
come home I guess baby I made it home
I'm safe she said okay great I'm so
happy
stop by the store like are you joking
yeah what do you want baby well maybe
that's the pain that you now suffer
that's a new pain that you don't see but
yes on the way home if she doesn't see
this job as working all over the country
she say you've been watching football
games he's been watching football games
when you were playing and obviously
you're one of the greatest ever what did
you think of the guys like the retired
athletes who were then on
be talking about the guys who are on the
field what did you think of those guys
we all say we don't watch it uh-huh
well you can you watch every to watch it
you read everything they give a packet
that goes around the facilities with all
articles so you hear everything
everybody says about you uh-huh and I
used to hate those guys uh-huh and now
I'm that guy he's not in our locker room
he wasn't in our play he doesn't know
what and now now I'm that guy so we got
the Chiefs in the Niners in the Super
Bowl and I'm sure everybody asks you
great medal win and you have no idea
who's gonna win you don't know any more
than it's not true Jimmy I can't say
that you know but I can't we don't know
because they have to play who do you
feel like is gonna win this game is so
great you know what I mean because
everybody has to play together there's
no individual isolated success in
football you have to play together so so
it's not just your skill set it's also
your connectivity that matters you know
how well do you play together and and
both of these teams play well together
man I honestly I got San Francisco and
in and it hurts me to say San Francisco
cuz I got a beanie between my head and
my heart my head really won't know see
San Francisco had the winning team my
heart says you don't want San Francisco
to win because they'll have six Super
Bowls and the Cowboys only have five you
don't want them to have more than you
right but but but I do have series Super
Bowl rings Bob that first
so that team was really maybe the most
fun team ever right I mean there's
nothing like the first certainly of the
modern era right running that first
Super Bowl first of all what forget the
game stuff what pops in your head when
you think about that day when you were
there playing an awful football well you
know first of all we went from three and
thirteen one a year one at 15 the next
year then two years later we were in our
first Super Bowl it was and it was here
in LA it was in the Rose Bowl
so it was Hollywood all the way around
it was incredibly st. we landed here we
were crashing some some recording
parties and they were telling us be
quiet in the back were like were the
party of course they kicked us out but
the one thing I remember more than
anything is all of this is going on
around the Super Bowl we had Michael
Jackson performing at halftime Wow oh
yeah oh my god my Michael Jackson it was
everything man and all I remember even
during the game I see Michael Jackson at
halftime man we got a beaten up going
over plays but Michael Jackson
performing you know so so so I must
admit what we go in at halftime and it's
longer halftime I told coach I said
coach a bathroom he said okay alright go
to bathroom I went to the bathroom and
then I snuck right on back out and went
all the way out and I watched Michael
Jackson he did
did you miss any of the anything time
stuff yeah when I got back coach say
what's wrong
so I say I thought I had one but it was
a two he said come on in the kitchen he
caught me up but I swear back you won
the Super Bowl you choose between the
Super Bowl in the toilet you have you
know what I have to say one of the you
have more great stories than almost
anybody I know I we've had the pleasure
of chatting you have you thought about
writing a book because you should write
a book that's so funny you say that cuz
you know for years there have been
people trying to get me to write a book
and I've always been afraid I work with
Tim Miller who I go to church with every
Sunday and she's oh don't do it with her
she's great ruin the show no no no no no
she's a literary agent oh I'm going the
best literary agents in this country so
see so we are working on a book right
now as a matter of fact we just hired a
writer and we got everything in contract
and and and I am so so yeah well you
give these meeting me at the Super Bowl
Laurie from the book that will really
surprised us something we don't know
something you don't want your children
to read that's exactly what I said to
her yeah my god she's been chasing me
about writing this book I said no I said
there's a lot of things I did I don't
want my children to know about right oh
yeah but I'm not writing this my kids go
read now it's just like oh don't worry
they have this thing called the internet
they already read about it that's how
he's like so that's I never thought
about that you might be right some
reason I thought I can protect them from
somewhere that's no no no yeah that's
some scary stuff man Tyler was here her
dad is Steven Tyler she still loves him
so give us more seriously so you're
saying I got a little room for error yes
okay I can tell you this this I often
when I first got to Miami now there's so
many other kinds of stories that I'm
gonna put in this book but when I first
got to Miami I was checking out you know
16 15 - 17 kids so I'm coming I'm about
business right and and we're in the
Frenchman's are working out in their
locker in its weight room and there's a
freshman and the seniors and their other
older guys come in later and we're just
I'm playing some music in the locker
room and the guy comes in in a weight
room I mean the waiting room he comes in
and he said putting oh so sweet and he
changes it I'm like what are you doing
it's the freshman time he didn't even
put me to sleep he changed it back I
changed it back I said we'll go to sleep
in if it's putting industry so you know
all of a sudden it's a bigger line
backer me all said he just can't buy
he's just pushing I got so hot when I
was boiling over that he's done that he
did this in front of everybody
so coach Johnson gets mad he calls us
upstairs and coach saying none of this
we are team we will not be fighting each
other we have to fight everybody else he
said Michael in my Renesmee Z I want you
guys to come down and shake hands and I
remember walking down I just got out of
the ghetto of Fort Lauderdale I'm not
refined at all you bring me down front
and he says shake hands and I put out
the left hand to shake and he put out
his nothing and I grew out in this right
in front right in front yeah i
sucker-punched
[Laughter]
and then I say now we're even
we can be a team wisdom I think your
children need to learn yeah for sure he
called me in it Jimmy was a big boxing
fan he's a pretty big giant it means
awesome he called me and he looked at me
said Michael come on now you can't be
doing this
son have you ever thought about boxing
wait to read this book I'll tell you
that Michael on Sunday morning Super
Bowl Sunday NFL gameday morning 9 a.m.
Eastern
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all of my ma goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you